# Code Samples for Richard Brown

Included are samples of code from two of my latest projects, the iPhone app [VIN Hunter Pro](http://www.vinhunterpro.com) and a site I am currently working on [VIN Vault](http://www.vinvault.com) that provides data for web and mobile apps written in Ruby on Rails.

The VIN Hunter Pro sample code is from the latest version of the app, version 2.  It was rewritten from an earlier version to support ARC and to redo the codebase using newer frameworks.  I use CocoaPods to add open source code to support my development.

The code samples includes:

### Categories
I create categories to extend classes such as the model classes and view controller classes.  The `Vehicle` class is the main NSManagedObject class for storing data for a vehicle.  The `Vehicle+VIN` category extends the class to add functionality related to the vehicle's VIN.

The `UIViewController+Decoder` category extends any `UIViewController` to support accessing the vehicle data. 

### Classes

The `Vehicle` class is generated by Xcode, which is one reason why I extend it via the category.  It is included here for completeness.

The `CHRHelper` class is a singleton that I use to contain common code that I can use throughout the application without having to initialize an object.  It also centralizes this code in one handy class.

The `Constants.h` is the file that contains the `#define`s for the application.

The `CHRSubscriptionHandler` class was written to handle Apple's recurring subscription API.  It's a good example of my using completion blocks to avoid blocking the main thread.  Throughout the application I'm careful to use `dispatch_async` calls to improve UI performance.

### View Controllers

`CHRDetailViewController` - Displays the details of a particular decoded vehicle.

`CHRVehicleTableViewController` - The main view of the application.  It handles displaying the decoded vehicles as well as the creating new decodes and migrating the database from previous versions.

### XML Parsing Classes
`CHRVehicleDescription` is responsible for decoding the XML from the Rails web site into a set of iOS classes that can be manipulated.